hi everyone it's Lawrence me I'm going
to be doing a makeup collection /
storage video and I recently just
organize my makeup into an actual like
storage kind of thing it's definitely
going to be growing and expanding and
maybe changing a little bit i'm going to
update ones um further in the future but
for now this is all I need right now um
whether it be a lot were little and your
opinion I think it's a good amount for
the needs of makeup that you know for as
being a makeup guru like you know doing
videos and also wearing makeup on a
daily basis so let's get into the video
so as you can see I have like a three
drawer kind of cart and i will be
showing you what's in the first and last
cart so this is just an overview
everything i got these little um divider
cart divider containers from I below
sorry that's my that's my strap for my
camera right there so I will just get
into what is in each thing this is
actually all my face makeup so this is
all the face makeup that I use in the
brushes and the applicators and lit
stuff this right here my equal tools
brush holder is where my lip products
needs a very convenient place and these
are where my brushes for my eyes and all
these primers and bases are put in so i
will show you each product do a rundown
this is my L'Oreal True Match blush and
spiced plum this is my Rimmel natural
bronzer this is my stay matte press
powder this is my chart Amazonian clay
blush and tips even like steel like
invertible color in petunia boot this is
my balloon dream matte mousse ends in
sandy beach i believe and then right
here i have my discount Beauty Blender
it's not really be blender but I've at
CVS is justice um sponge applicator for
your makeup and then I have all these
samples from artists forum Boxing Hall i
will link that down below if you guys
want to see each sample I have a little
mini kabuki brush I have benetint high
beam and Posie tint they're all sample
sizes I have my bare minerals their
mineral sorry I have swatches on my
hands to the video actually a better
haul so that's why I've swatches on my
hand then you have this really cute pink
razor i just put that there from the fit
fest and to have my mint juleps lip
scrub from lush i have girl
pearl in the travel size i have a equal
tools face makeup kind of brush set and
kit and then right here i have an elf
powder brush which i apply my blush we
highlighted my bronze are with i also
have my nietzsche lux foundation for a
cover girl this is in 325 sandstone so
then I have all these brushes the H
cosmetic brushes Urban Decay powder
potions one and original and one in sin
then I have my NYX to blacken for milk
and then right here going deep into here
I have a cleaning edgewater moisturizer
the man naked palette all my lip
products I have my Maybelline stain
gloss and cool coral my rebel nut
butters peach parfait and tutti frutti
Kat Von D mini lipstick and this isn't
Celebi Todd I think it's French then
this is my Smashbox lip gloss sample
size and fame is my sample buxom lip
gloss in Leslie I have a deodorant over
here in the back of the parents the dove
into the fresh I have my lip surgeons
set and it's from the holidays and they
love that mi BH Cosmetics Iggy neutral
eye palette I believe that's what's
called in the back then back here I have
an in-law box and lush samples my
contacts are over there ok so it's kind
of like my miscellaneous for we all have
one in our makeup collections just all
me makeup swipes and just see makeup I
mean I removing Pat this should have
gone with my lips but it just fit them
this is just a NYX soft matte lip cream
and Milani and then this is a roll on
perfume a spray by cool mini clinic and
I have these two random eyeshadows then
I have my three maybelline color tattoos
i'm not sure which one is which but i
have to cool toughest open bold goals i
have a make up for ever aqua black cream
eyeshadow i have my Urban Decay
eyeshadow single in y2k eyelash curler
from five below I have my mini array
space over there and then below to have
a buxom lip not buxom lip cream but a
buxom eye cream and that is in cocker
spaniel I believe and those are supposed
to be waterproof I think then I have I
have the Maybelline line stiletto and is
in brownish-black that I have my NYC
skyrise mascara
back my NYX eyeshadow single and this is
in black my comfort zone palette my
vanity palette I went well both I have
two covergirl eyeshadow quads one in
urban lasix I believe and the other one
in country would I love those eyeshadows
definitely nice for beginners alright so
that is my makeup collection / storage i
hope this is helpful to you if you want
to see more videos like this restored
and stuff like that then comment down
below and if you want any products shown
reviewed or maybe yet tutorial down them
then also comment or like this video so
i will see you guys later thanks for
watching bye